=======================AWS Wissen Internal Training Assessment Grand Test 1 ==============================


1) To meet the compliance norms, a consulting company is expected to store its data for three years. The company needs a tamper-proof technology/feature to keep the data protected and prevent any overwriting or data manipulation during the three-year duration.
As a Cloud Practitioner, which service/functionality will you suggest to keep the data safe?
	 
Amazon S3 Storage Lens
	 
Amazon S3 Object Lock
	 
Amazon S3 Glacier Vault Lock
	 
Amazon Macie



2)A team lead is reviewing the AWS services that can be used in the development workflow for his company. Which of the following statements are correct regarding the capabilities of these AWS services? (Select three)
	 
CodeCommit allows you to run builds and tests as part of your CodePipeline
	 
CodePipeline uses Amazon CloudWatch Events to detect changes in CodeCommit repositories used as a source for a pipeline

	 
AWS CodeStar is a cloud-based integrated development environment that lets you write, run, and debug your code with just a browser
	 
Each CodeStar project includes development tools, including AWS CodePipeline, AWS CodeCommit, AWS CodeBuild, and AWS CodeDeploy, that can be used on their own and with existing AWS applications
	 
You can use AWS CodeStar and AWS Cloud9 to develop, build, and deploy a serverless web application
	 
CodeBuild is integrated with CodePipeline, but not directly with CodeCommit


3)Which AWS service is used to store and commit code privately and also offer features for version control?
	 
AWS CodeBuild
	 
AWS CodeStar
	 
AWS CodeCommit
	 
AWS CodePipeline


4)An e-commerce company has its on-premises data storage on an NFS file system that is accessed in parallel by multiple applications. The company is looking at moving the applications and data stores to AWS Cloud.
Which storage service should the company use to move their files to AWS Cloud seamlessly if the application is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances?
	 
AWS Storage Gateway
	 
Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
	 
Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)
	 
Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)



5)Which of the following AWS services are offered free of cost? (Select two)
	 
AWS Elastic Beanstalk
	 
AWS Auto Scaling
	 
An Elastic IP address, which is chargeable as long as it is associated with an EC2 instance
	 
Amazon EC2 Spot Instances
 
CloudWatch facilitated detailed monitoring of EC2 instances


6)A telecom company uses Amazon S3 buckets for storing user sensitive data. The company wants to protect this data against unusual activities like a heavy download of sensitive data, an IP address submitting too many requests for sensitive data, or any other pattern of data access that is suspicious.Which AWS service/tool will help achieve this goal?
	 
Amazon Macie
	 
AWS Shield Advanced
	 
Amazon GuardDuty
	 
AWS CloudTrail


7)A company needs to submit AWS’ security and compliance reports for the upcoming audit. Which service/tool will help the company to fetch the required reports?
	 
AWS Trusted Advisor
AWS Organizations
Amazon Quantum Ledger Database
AWS Artifact



8)A team manager needs data about the changes that have taken place for AWS resources in his account during the past two weeks. Which AWS service can help get this data?
	 
AWS CloudTrail
Amazon CloudWatch
AWS Config
Amazon Inspector



9)A company stores all their media files to Amazon S3 storage service which is accessed by an application hosted on Amazon EC2 instances. The company wants to convert these media files into formats that users can playback on mobile devices.
Which AWS service/tool helps you achieve this requirement?
 
Amazon Transcribe
	 
Amazon Elastic Transcoder
	 
Amazon Comprehend
	 
AWS Glue


10)A company wants to establish a private, dedicated connection between AWS and its on-premises datacenter. Which AWS service is the right choice for this requirement?
	 
AWS Direct Connect
	 
Amazon CloudFront
	 
AWS Site to Site Virtual Private Network (VPN)
	 
Amazon API Gateway

11)A financial consulting company is looking for automated reference deployments, that will speed up the process of deploying its financial solutions on AWS Cloud. The reference deployment should be able to deploy most of the well-known functions of financial services and leave space for customizations, if necessary.
Which AWS service will help achieve this requirement?
	 
AWS Quick Starts
	 
AWS CloudFormation
	 
AWS Elastic Beanstalk
	 
Amazon Quicksight

12)Which member of the AWS Snow Family is used by the Edge computing applications for IoT use cases for facilitating the collection and processing of data to gain immediate insights and then transfer the data to AWS?
	 
AWS Snowmobile
	 
AWS Snowposts
	 
AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized
	 
AWS Snowcone


13)A company has defined a baseline that mentions the number of AWS resources to be used for different stages of application testing. However, the company realized that employees are not adhering to the guidelines and provisioning additional resources via API calls, resulting in higher testing costs.
Which AWS service will help the company raise alarms whenever the baseline resource numbers are crossed?
	 
Amazon Detective
	 
AWS Config
	 
AWS CloudTrail Insights
	 
AWS X-Ray


14)Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework includes the ability to use computing resources efficiently to meet system requirements and to maintain that efficiency as demand changes?
	 
Reliability
	 
Cost Optimization
	 
Performance Efficiency
	 
Operational Excellence



15)A company is looking for ways to make its desktop applications available to the employees from browsers on their devices/laptops. Which AWS service will help achieve this requirement without having to procure servers or maintain infrastructure?
	 
Amazon Snowball
	 
Amazon Outposts
	 
Amazon WorkSpaces
	 
Amazon AppStream 2.0





16)Which of the following statements are correct regarding the AWS Support Plans? (Select two)
	 
Infrastructure Event Management is included for free for Business and Enterprise support plans and can be extended to a Developer support plan for an additional fee
	 
Contextual guidance based on customer use-case, is available only for Enterprise support plans
	 
Both Basic and Developer Support plans have access to 7 core Trusted Advisor checks
 
A designated Technical Account Manager is available only for Enterprise support plans
	 
AWS Concierge service is available for Business and Enterprise support plans



17)Which of the following statements are correct regarding the health monitoring and reporting capabilities supported by AWS Elastic Beanstalk? (Select two)
	 
AWS Elastic Beanstalk provides only basic health reporting system; Combined with Elastic Load Balancer, they provide advanced health check features
	 
The basic health reporting system that provides information about the health of instances in an Elastic Beanstalk environment does not use health checks performed by Elastic Load Balancing
	 
With basic health reporting, the Elastic Beanstalk service does not publish any metrics to Amazon CloudWatch

	 
The Elastic Beanstalk health monitoring can determine that the environment's Auto Scaling group is available and has a minimum of at least one instance

	 
In a single instance environment, Elastic Beanstalk determines the instance's health by monitoring the Elastic Load Balancing health settings


18)Which of the following are NoSQL database services from AWS? (Select two)
	 
Amazon Aurora
	 
AWS Storage Gateway
 
Amazon DocumentDB
	 
Amazon RDS
	 
Amazon Neptune


19)As part of a flexible pricing model, AWS offers two types of Savings Plans. Which of the following are the Savings Plans from AWS?
	 
Compute Savings Plans, Storage Savings Plans
	 
Reserved Instances Savings Plans, EC2 Instance Savings Plans
	 
Instance Savings Plans, Storage Savings Plans
	 
Compute Savings Plans, EC2 Instance Savings Plans



20)An e-learning company wants to build a knowledge graph by leveraging a fully managed database. Which of the following is the best fit for this requirement?
	 
Amazon RDS
 
Amazon DocumentDB
 
Amazon Neptune

 
Amazon DynamoDB


21)Which of the following AWS services will help provision a logically isolated network for your AWS resources?
	 
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
	 
AWS Firewall Manager
	 
Amazon Route 53
	 
AWS PrivateLink


22)Which free tool helps to review the state of your workloads and compares them to the latest AWS architectural best practices after you have answered a series of questions about your workload?
	 
AWS Trusted Advisor
	 
AWS Technical Account Manager (TAM)
	 
AWS Well-Architected Tool
 
AWS Well-Architected Framework


23)A supply chain company is looking for a database that provides a centrally verifiable history of all changes made to data residing in it. This functionality is critical for the product and needs to be available off-the-shelf without the need for any customizations.
Which of the following databases is the right choice for this use-case?
	 
Amazon Neptune
	 
Amazon Timestream
	 
Amazon Quantum Ledger Database
 
Amazon Managed Blockchain


24)Which of the following data sources are used by Amazon Detective to analyze events and identify potential security issues?
	 
Amazon CloudWatch Logs, AWS CloudTrail logs and Amazon Inspector logs
	 
AWS CloudTrail logs, Amazon VPC Flow Logs and Amazon GuardDuty findings
 
Amazon CloudWatch Logs, AWS CloudTrail logs and S3 Access Logs
	 
Amazon CloudWatch Logs, Amazon VPC Flow Logs and Amazon GuardDuty findings


25)A financial services company needs to retain its data for 10 years to meet the compliance norms. Which Amazon S3 storage class is the best fit for this use-case considering that the data has to be stored at minimal cost?

	 
Amazon S3 Glacier

Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering
	 
Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access
	 
Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive


26)Which of the following are security best practices suggested by AWS for Identity and Access Management (IAM)? (Select two)
	 
Share your AWS account root user credentials only if absolutely necessary for performing an important billing operation
	 
When you create IAM policies, grant the least privileges required to perform a task
	 
Do not change passwords and access keys once created. This results in failure of connectivity in the application logic
	 
Enable AWS multi-factor authentication (MFA) on your AWS root user account. MFA helps give root access to multiple users without actually sharing the root user login credentials
	 
Don't share security credentials between accounts, use IAM roles instead



27)Which of the following actions require the root user access credentials? (Select three)
	 
Retrieve sensitive data from S3 Glacier Deep Archive
Change AWS Support plan for your account
Create VPC endpoints
Configure an Amazon S3 bucket to enable MFA (multi-factor authentication) delete
Access billing data for your AWS account
Register as a seller in the Reserved Instance Marketplace



28)Due to regulatory guidelines, a company needs to encrypt data as it passes through the different layers of its AWS architecture. The company is reviewing the capabilities of the various AWS services and their encryption options.
Which of the below services are encrypted by default and need no user intervention to enable encryption?
	 
CloudWatch logs, Application Load Balancer (ALB), S3 Glacier
	 
CloudTrail Logs, S3 Glacier, AWS Storage Gateway
	 
AWS Storage Gateway, Application Load Balancer (ALB), Amazon CloudFront
	 
AWS Organizations, Amazon EC2, CloudTrail Logs


29)Which of the following statements are true about AWS Elastic Beanstalk? (Select two)
	 
With Elastic Beanstalk, you can quickly deploy and manage applications in the AWS Cloud without having to learn about the infrastructure that runs those applications

	 
AWS Elastic Beanstalk supports Java, .NET, PHP, but does not support Docker web applications
	 
AWS Elastic Beanstalk supports web applications built on different languages. But, Elastic Beanstalk cannot be used for deploying non-web applications
	 
AWS Elastic Beanstalk automates the details of capacity provisioning, load balancing, and application deployment, creating an environment that runs a version of your application. However, auto-scaling functionality cannot be automated using Elastic Beanstalk
	 
There is no additional charge for Elastic Beanstalk. You pay only for the underlying AWS resources that your application consumes



30)Which of the following AWS services is delivered globally rather than regionally?
	 
Amazon WorkSpaces
	 
Amazon S3 buckets
	 
Amazon Elastic File System
	 
AWS Snowmobile


31)As part of log analysis, you have realized that one or more AWS-owned IP addresses are being used for port scanning your on-premises server. Which service/team should you connect to resolve this issue?
	 
Contact AWS Support
	 
Contact AWS Abuse team
 
Use AWS Trusted Advisor to log a complaint with AWS
	 
Reach out to Werner Vogels, the CTO of Amazon, with the details of the incident



32)A blogging company is looking at an easy to use solution to host WordPress blogs. The company needs a cost-effective, readily available solution without the need to manage the configurations for servers or the databases.
Which AWS service will help you achieve this functionality?
	 
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) with Amazon S3 for storage
	 
Host the application directly on Amazon S3
	 
AWS Fargate
	 
Amazon Lightsail




33)Which of the following services/tools offers a user-friendly graphical user interface to manage AWS Snowball devices without a need for command-line interface or REST APIs?
	 
AWS OpsWorks
	 
AWS Transfer Family
	 
AWS OpsHub
	 
AppStream 2.0



34)Which of the following statements are correct regarding Amazon API Gateway? (Select two)
	 
API Gateway can call an AWS Lambda function to create the front end of a serverless application
	 
If an API response is served by the cached data, it is not considered an API call for billing purposes
	 
API Gateway can be configured to send data directly to Amazon Kinesis Data Stream
	 
API Gateway creates RESTful APIs, Storage Gateway creates WebSocket APIs
	 
API Gateway does not yet support API result caching



35)Which service will help you track and monitor the health of an Amazon EC2 instance, as well as raise an alarm if the instance is in an unhealthy state?
	 
AWS Trusted Advisor
	 
AWS X-Ray
	 
AWS CloudTrail
	 
Amazon CloudWatch




36)By default, which of the following events are logged by AWS CloudTrail?
	 
Data events and Insights events
	 
Data events
	 
Insights events
	 
Management events



37)Which feature/functionality will help you organize your AWS resources, manage and automate tasks on large numbers of resources at a time?
	 
AWS Organizations
	 
Amazon WorkSpaces
	 
Tags
	 
AWS Resource Groups




38)Which tool/service will help you to get a better idea of what your costs and usage may look like in the future?
	 
AWS Cost Explorer
 
Consolidated Billing of AWS Organizations
	 
Simple Monthly Calculator / Pricing Calculator
	 
AWS Marketplace


39)Which of the following points have to be considered when choosing an AWS Region for a service? (Select two)
 
The AWS Region with high availability index should be considered for your business
 
The AWS Region should have 5G networks, to seamlessly access the breadth of AWS services in the region
	 
Compliance and Data Residency guidelines of the AWS Region should match your business requirements
 
AWS Region chosen should be geographically closer to the user base that utilizes the hosted AWS services
	 
The AWS Region chosen should have all its Availability Zones (AZs) within 100 Kms radius, to keep latency low for hosted applications



40)A company provides you with a completed product that is run and managed by the company itself. As a customer, you only use the product without worrying about maintaining or managing the product.
Which cloud computing model does this kind of product belong to?
	 
Software as a Service (SaaS)
	 
Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)
	 
Product as a Service (Paas)
	 
Platform as a Service (PaaS)

41)A company is moving its on-premises application to AWS Cloud. The application uses in-memory caches for running custom workloads. Which Amazon EC2 instance type is the right choice for the given requirement?
	 
Storage Optimized instance types

Compute Optimized instance types
	 
Memory Optimized instance types
	 
Accelerated computing instance types

=================================ALL THE BEST ==========================================




Total no questions = 41 

Total no of correct answers 21 



Calculte : 21/41*100 = 50 %

























































