Question 1: 
What are AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) access keys used for?

Ensuring the integrity of log files.
Logging in to the AWS Management Console.
Making programmatic calls to AWS from AWS APIs.
Enabling encryption in transit for web servers.

Question 2: 
A company is planning to move a number of legacy applications to the AWS Cloud. The solution must be cost-effective. Which approach should the company take?

Rehost the applications on Amazon EC2 instances that are right-sized.
Migrate the applications to dedicated hosts on Amazon EC2.
Use AWS Lambda to host the legacy applications in the cloud.
Use an Amazon S3 static website to host the legacy application code


Question 3: 
                          
A large company is interested in avoiding long-term contracts and moving from fixed costs to variable costs.
What is the value proposition of AWS for this company?

Pay-as-you-go pricing
Volume pricing discounts
Economies of scale
Automated cost optimization



Question 4: 
                          
How does the AWS cloud increase the speed and agility of execution for customers? (Select TWO.)

Lower cost of deployment
Scalable compute capacity
Secured data centers
Private connections to data centres
Fast provisioning of resources

Question 5: 
                          
When running applications in the AWS Cloud, which common tasks can AWS manage on behalf of their customers? (Select TWO.)

Patching database software
Creating a database schema
Application source code auditing
Application security testing
Taking a backup of a database



Question 6: 
                          
A company is migrating a monolithic application that does not scale well into the cloud and refactoring it into a microservices architecture.
Which best practice of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this plan relate to?

Use multiple solutions to improve performance.
Implement loosely coupled services.
Stop spending money on undifferentiated heavy lifting.
Manage change in automation.

Question 7: 
                          
A company is deploying a MySQL database on AWS. The database must easily scale and have automatic backup enabled.
Which AWS service should the company use?

Amazon DocumentDB
Amazon DynamoDB
Amazon Athena
Amazon Aurora

Question 8: 
                          
What advantages does a database administrator obtain by using the Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS)?

RDS simplifies relational database administration tasks.
RDS provides 99.99999999999% reliability and durability.
RDS enables users to dynamically adjust CPU and RAM resources.
RDS databases automatically scale based on load



Question 9: 
                          
A company is deploying an application in the AWS Cloud. How can they secure the application? (Select TWO.)
	 
Enable encryption for the application data at rest.
Enable monitoring by turning off encryption for data in transit.
Limit access privileges according to the principal of least privilege.
Configure public access for the AWS services used by the application.
Provide full admin access to developer and operations staff

Question 10: 
                          
Which AWS Cloud service provides recommendations on how to optimize performance for AWS services?

Amazon Inspector
AWS Trusted Advisor
Amazon CloudWatch
AWS CloudTrail

Question 11: 
                          
A Cloud Practitioner needs a tool that can assist with viewing and managing AWS costs and usage over time. Which tool should the Cloud Practitioner use?

Amazon Inspector
AWS Cost Explorer
AWS Organizations
AWS Budgets

Question 12: 
                          
A company must provide access to AWS resources for their employees. Which security practices should they follow? (Select TWO.)

Enable multi-factor authentication for users.
Create IAM Roles and apply them to IAM groups.
Create IAM users in different AWS Regions.
Disable password policies and management console access.
Create IAM policies based on least privilege principles.


Question 13: 
                          
What can a Cloud Practitioner use to categorize and track AWS costs by project?

Multiple accounts
Cost Allocation Tags
AWS Trusted Advisor
Consolidated billing



Question 14: 
                          
For what purpose would a Cloud Practitioner access AWS Artifact?
	 
Download configuration details for all AWS resources.
Gain access to AWS security and compliance documents.
Access training materials for AWS services.
Create a security assessment report for AWS services.



Question 15: 
                          
A company has multiple AWS accounts and is using AWS Organizations with consolidated billing. Which advantages will they benefit from? (Select TWO.)

They will receive a fixed discount for all usage across accounts.
The default service limits in all accounts will be increased.
They will be automatically enrolled in a business support plan.
They may benefit from lower unit pricing for aggregated usage.
They will receive one bill for the accounts in the Organization



Question 16: 
                          
Which type of credential should a Cloud Practitioner use for programmatic access to AWS resources from the AWS CLI/API?

SSH public keys
Access keys
User name and password
SSL/TLS certificate




Question 17: 
                          
Which of the following represents a value proposition for using the AWS Cloud?

AWS provides full access to their data centers.
Customers can request specialized hardware.
It is not necessary to enter into long term contracts.
AWS is responsible for securing your applications


Question 18: 
                          
Which AWS services can a company use to gather information about activity in their AWS account? (Select TWO.)

Amazon CloudWatch
AWS Trusted Advisor
Amazon Connect
AWS CloudTrail
Amazon CloudFront

Question 19: 
                          
A company has many underutilized compute resources on-premises. Which AWS Cloud feature will help resolve this issue?
 
High availability
Global deployment
Elasticity
Fault tolerance


Question 20: 
                          
Which of the following will help a user determine if they need to request an Amazon EC2 service limit increase?
	 
AWS Health Dashboard
AWS Trusted Advisor
Amazon RDS
AWS Cost Explorer

Question 21: 
                          
Which design principles are enabled by the AWS Cloud to improve the operation of workloads? (Select TWO.)

Minimize platform design
Customized hardware
Remove single points of failure
Minimum viable product
Loose coupling


Question 22: 
                          
A company plans to use reserved instances to get discounted pricing for Amazon EC2 instances. The company may need to change the EC2 instance type during the one year period.
Which instance purchasing option is the MOST cost-effective for this use case?

Standard Reserved Instances
Convertible Reserved Instances
Zonal Reserved Instances
Regional Reserved Instances


Question 23: 
Which AWS service provides a managed software version control system?

AWS CodePipeline
Amazon CodeDeploy
AWS DataSync
AWS CodeCommit


Question 24: 
                          
Which of the following deployments involves the reliability pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

Amazon EBS provisioned IOPS volume
Attach a WebACL to a CloudFront distribution
Use CloudFormation to deploy infrastructure
Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployment



Question 25: 
A user is planning to launch three EC2 instances behind a single Elastic Load Balancer. The deployment should be highly available. How should the user achieve this?

Launch the instances across multiple Availability Zones in a single AWS Region.
Launch the instances as EC2 Spot Instances in the same AWS Region and the same Availability Zone.
Launch the instances as EC2 Reserved Instances in the same AWS Region, but in different Availability Zones.
Launch the instances in multiple AWS Regions, and use Elastic IP addresses.

Question 26: 
                          
Which resource should a new user on AWS use to get help with deploying popular technologies based on AWS best practices, including architecture and deployment instructions?

AWS Config
AWS CloudFormation
AWS Artifact
AWS Quick Starts


Question 27: 
A company needs to publish messages to a thousands of subscribers simultaneously using a push mechanism.
Which AWS service should the company use?

Amazon Simple Workflow Service (SWF)
AWS Step Functions
Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)

Question 28: 
How much data can a company store in the Amazon S3 service?

100 PB
1 PB
100 TB
Virtually unlimited


Question 29: 
Which tasks require the use of the AWS account root user? (Select TWO.)
	 
Changing the account name.
Viewing AWS CloudTrail logs.
Changing AWS Support plans.
Changing payment currency.
Enabling encryption for S3.

Question 30: 
What is one method of protecting against distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks in the AWS Cloud?

Enable AWS CloudTrail logging.
Use Amazon CloudWatch monitoring.
Monitor the AWS Health Dashboard.
Configure a firewall in front of resources.

